1.How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
Seeing the difference between the different versions of a file helped me spot the bug much faster which otherwise would have taken a long time if I had to go through the thousands line of code one by one.The introduecd bug was easily spotted by me without much hasstle.Ill be using the Diff command more often now. Its 27 September today and my first day of learning Git.

2.How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Having the history of  file makes one understand the stages of development it went through.A bug in a new version can be found out easily using the old one.

3.What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Mannully creating a commit gives the flexibity to the user of doing it whenever there is a significant logical change in the program.Which otherwise is not the case in saving automatically.Though the user need to remember that he need to commit after evry logical change .

4.Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Its mainly because Git deals with programming files which may have inter-dependencies and changing one file may efffect the other.While in Google Docs this is not the case as the files that are saved are mostly plain text files.

5.How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log can be used to see the commits done by the user and keep track of all the versions of the file.The commit message signifyies the logical change in the commit.Using git diff two commits can be compared  ie,two versions of a file can be compared with the differnce between the files specified out.

6.How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Version control gives me the confidence of making changes to my file without any worry of breaking it since i can restore it to any pervious working versions.This even helps to find the bug in a particular version using git diff.

7.Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to use Git to maitain my Android projects.I have been working on Android for a while and having seen the power of version control it would really help me in future Android projects.
